Deployment Launcher docs (#941)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/modules/deployment-launcher/launch-deployments.md

* Assembly name
* Region

In addition, each simulated player deployment is assigned a deployment name based on its parent. For example, given a `parent_deployment_name`, a simulated player deployment is given a name of the format:

```text
{parent_deployment_name}_sim{N}

Where N is in range [1, number of simulated player deployments]
```

A simulated player deployment configuration exposes six additional fields:

| Setting | Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Snapshot Path | ❌ | Path to the snapshot you wish to start the deployment with, relative from the root of your SpatialOS project. |
| Launch Config | ✔️ | Path to the launch configuration you wish to start the deployment with, relative from the root of your SpatialOS project. |
| Region | ✔️ | The geographical location in which your deployment launches. |
| Tags | ❌ | Metadata that can be added to a deployment. Some tags have built-in functionality. For example, the `dev_login` tag is used to connect into deployment through the [development authentication flow](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/auth/development-authentication). |
| Flag Prefix | ✔️ |  |

> | Worker Type | ✔️ |  |

Author: we probably should have a guide on doing your own simplayers - when we do that it'd make sense to make the simplayer coordinator more generic to let users hook in

<%( TOC )%>

# Launch deployments

Open the Deployment Launcher window by selecting **SpatialOS** > **Deployment Launcher** from the Unity Editor menu.

## UI walkthrough

The section of the Deployment Launcher window that you use to launch deployments can be found under the **Deployment Configurations** label.

<%(#Expandable title="Full deployment configuration from the FPS Starter Project.")%>

<img src="{{assetRoot}}assets/modules/deployment-launcher/deployment-configurations-label.png" style="margin: 0 auto; width: auto; display: block;" />

<%(/Expandable)%>

### Deployment configuration

A deployment configuration is used to describe what parameters a deployment should be launched with.

<img src="{{assetRoot}}assets/modules/deployment-launcher/dpl-configs.png" style="margin: 0 auto; width: auto; display: block;" />

<%(#Expandable title="Fields")%>

| Field | Required? | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Assembly Name | ✔️ | The identifier of an assembly you have uploaded. |
| Deployment Name | ✔️ | The name you wish to give to the deployment. |

> | Snapshot Path | ❌ | Path to the snapshot you wish to start the deployment with, relative from the root of your SpatialOS project. |

Reviewer: add a link to some glossary or similar for snapshot

| Flag Prefix | ✔️ | The prefix to include on worker flags that the Deployment Launcher adds to simulated player deployments. This should follow [worker flag naming conventions](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/worker-flags#naming-conventions). |
| Worker Type | ✔️ | The worker type of the simulated player coordinator, responsible for managing simulated players in the child deployment and connecting them to the parent deployment. |

<%(/Expandable)%>

### Launch deployments

At the bottom of the deployment configurations panel, there is a **Launch deployment** button. You can select which which deployment configuration you wish to launch and then select **Launch deployment**.

<img src="{{assetRoot}}assets/modules/deployment-launcher/choose-launch-config.png" style="margin: 0 auto; width: auto; display: block;" />

## Expected behaviour

### Input validation

> The deployment launcher validates your deployment configurations as you edit them in the Unity Editor. If any field fails validation, errors similar to those highlighted below are shown and the **Launch deployment** button is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployment launcher validates your deployment configurations as you edit them in the Unity Editor. If any field fails validation, errors similar to those highlighted below are shown and the **Launch deployment** button is disabled until you resolved all errors.
```

If validation fails, an error similar to below is shown:

```text
Flag Prefix cannot be empty.

Flag Prefix cannot contain full stops.

Flag Prefix cannot contain spaces.
```

#### Worker Type

The simulated player coordinator worker type can be chosen from a drop-down list of workers in the project.

### Launching a deployment

When you press the **Launch deployment** button, the Deployment Launcher starts launching the deployments specified in the configuration chosen in the adjacent drop-down menu.

<img src="{{assetRoot}}assets/modules/deployment-launcher/choose-launch-config.png" style="margin: 0 auto; width: auto; display: block;" />

For each deployment launched, you should see a notification similar to the following at the bottom of the deployment launcher window:

```text
Launching deployment "<deployment_name>" in project "<project_name>".
Assembly reloading locked.
```

The standard output and standard error from the command is forwarded to the Unity Console.

<%(Callout message="
When a deployment successfully launches:

* The [Console](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/glossary#console) page for the deployment automatically opens in your browser.

> * The notification at the bottom of the Deployment Launcher window will disappear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The notification at the bottom of the Deployment Launcher window disappears.
```
